App development steps
-- Restart app only after half an hour work
1.Remove the whitelabel error
->1. Have successfully created a landing page.
2.Create controller so that when landed in page it takes to targeted view. 
->2.Before making controller for a model, it is important to make a model itself
->2.While creating model it is significant that table be autogenerated in the 
 mysql database for the model class.Hence annotating with entity and data is desired.So make the appro
settings for this by:
   ->2. By default, JPA would create a table named Student (matching the class name).
 Using @Table(name = "student"), the table name is explicitly set to student.
Attributes of @Table Annotation
name: Specifies the name of the database table (default: entity class name)
catalog: Defines the database catalog name
schema: Defines the schema name for the table
uniqueConstraints: Enforces unique constraints on one or more columns
  ->2. Make the settings to ensure table be generated:
         -->Annotate with Entity and Table and also column
         -->Create an Empty constructor for JPA only no use
   ->Coming to WorkerController, since we need worker repository create a repository class
3.Successfully, created worker table by JPA, controller routes to workers;
4. Now when worker and service provider is clicked, it should list the workers existing in the database in the new html file.
4:54 PM 12/25/2025
1. Convert local project into github project and create a bridge named origin
   steps: a. Check if there alread is a .git hidden folder(cmd:dir /a:h), if not "git init"
          b. Start adding files to the empty git folder created but check "git status" for untracked files .
          c. git add . " Add the files" and the files are staged and tracked  yet not commited
          d. Now  "git commit -m "Added files"
          e. Now to push to remote, create a remote repository.
          f.Create a bridge named origin between local project and remote repository by using "git remote add origin <link>"
          g. Verify the bridge has been commited: git remote -v
          h.Now push "git push origin main". 

3:59 PM 1/20/2026
2. Create a branch to work on independently without affecting the main codebase
     steps: a.Check which branch you are on "git branch"
            b. Navigate to a particular branch "git checkout name"
	    c. Create new branch "git checkout -b new-branch-name"
	    d.To delete branch "git branch -d branch-name"
	    e. Make changes in a branch:"git add ."-->"git status"-->"git commit -m 'Added feature1'-->"git push origin feature1"
3.Learn the pipeline of ai/ml with homeservicer agent ai

